#Summary:
The key principle of Kanban is to limit the work in progress.

1. Work in progress limits improve flow and quickly identify bottlenecks.
2. Agile team members often pull work from a previous column rather than have the work pushed to them.
3. A cumulative flow diagram is a common Kanban reportand shows the number of issues in each status over time. 



#Limit work in progress (How it is done):
By specfying the minm and maximum num of issues allowed in certain columns.

Benefits of limiting:
1. Less issues are worked on at a time, which leads to better flow of work.
2. Resusts in less multitasking which is good because multitasking decreases productivity.
3. By limiting the work in progress, any bottlenects in the process are quickly identified because there are 
relatively few issues in progress at any time and problems tent to be easily visible.
4. Limits the amount of waste in the process.


#Setting up work in progress limit in jira: 
To set up work in progress limits for a column, click on the Columns tab of the board settings.

The work in progress limits are called Column constraints in Jira.

In the column constraint dropdown,
you have the option of defining the constraint on the number of issues or the number of issues excluding sub-tasks.
Sub-tasks are used to break down the work of an issue into smaller pieces.

Underneath the column name, you can see the column constraints.
You can see that currently, each of the columns has no minimum or maximum constraints.
Here, we change the minimum constraint on the selected for development column to two issues.

This means that if there are ever less than two issues in the column, that column will be highlighted in yellow on the board.
A minimum like this would probably make sense because the team alwaysneeds to be able to pull new issues 
to work on when they finish other issues.

For the In Progress column, we define a work in progress limit of three issues maximum.
If more than three issues have the In Progress status, this column will turn red on the board.
A team of three people might choose to have a work in progress limit of three,
ensuring that existing work is finished before new work is started.

After we have configured the work in progress limits,
we can test our configuration.
You can see that the selected for development column now has
a 'Min 2' indication next to the column name.
Since we only have one issue in this column,
it is highlighted in yellow.
This is a signal that notifies the team that issues should be added to the column.
You can see that the In Progress column now has
a 'Max 3' indication next to the column name.
We have four issues with the status of in progress,
so the column has 



#What should the work limits be set to or on what basis? [Tips on how to set them]
The short answer is that depends on the specific project and the team.

Here are some ideas.
You could start with no work in progress limits and see if the issues are flowing nicely.
You could add limits as the process starts to show problems.

For instance, 
1. If sometimes, there are no items in the Selected for Development column,
the flow is negatively affected because the team can finish an issue and have no issues to work on.
You might want to set a minimum constraint on the Selected for Development column to ensure that 
this doesn't happen.

2. You could also set work in progress limits to discourage multitasking.
For example, if the team has seven members,
you might want to set limits so that each member is working on only one issue at a time.

3. You could also set work in progress limits on the steps that the team tends to neglect.
For example, this workflow has a Review status after the In Progress status.
This step ensures that other team members have looked at the work before it is considered done.
If you find that issues are piling up in the Review column, you can set a maximum limit on that column to
ensure that the issues flow all the way to the Done step. 