Taiichi Ohno discusses the importance of understanding the principles in his Toyota Production Systems book. 
Here is the list of Lean Principles:  (derived from the book) (it is subjective and different people may come up with
different lists)

#Lean Principles:
1. Empower the team
2. Visualize work
3. Experiment using the scientific method
    - Contnuously learn and improve
    - embrace change

4. Improve the flow of value
    - improve the whole system
    - map the value stream
    - limit work in progress
    - pull work
    - eliminate waste
    - reduce setup times
    - automate what should be automated

5. Build quality in
    - the process should identify problems
    - fix problems when they are discovered
    - identify and fix the root cause


#Explanation

1. Empower the team
not only is empowering the team good for the success of the company,
it improves team satisfaction.
Many people want to feel like they're contributing to something of
value and empowering individuals provides that,
even more than monetary or recognition rewards.
Teamwork is a big part of empowering the team. 


2. Visualize work
The work of Agile projects is usually visualized with boards and the progress of the team is visualized with charts.
Toyota uses kanbans to signal and control the work.
Toyota also has something called an andon board.
This is an information board that shows any existing problems.

"When one looks up, the andon comes into view, showing the location and nature of trouble situations at a 
glance."
- Taiichi Ohno

Visualizing work tends to give a true transparent view into the status of the project, something that can 
otherwise easily be hidden.



3. Experiment using the scientic method
The scientific method or similar experimental evidence-based methods are used to continuously improve.

a. Continuously learn and improve
NOTE: The Scientific method is the foundation of Agile methods and this is also true with Lean thinking.

Related to continuously improving is the need to continuously learn.
"Progress cannot be generated when we are satisfied with existing situations."

Every organization should be a learning organization.
Every team should be learning team.
Everyone should realize that even if they are successful now, they have a lot to learn.

A big focus at Toyota has been to continuously improve.
"The new market demanded a constantly improving automobile."  - Taiichi Ohno

If you think about it, many markets such as markets for cell phones and software assume constantly 
improving products. 

b. Embrace Change
A Lean principle is to embrace change rather than create a fixed process and stick to it.
In industry, it's important to enable people to cope with change and think flexibly.
"Build a fine tuning mechanism into the business so that change will not be felt as change."
This quote points out that, in a lean or agile environment, change feels normal. 