4. Improve the flow of value
    - improve the whole system
    - map the value stream
    - limit work in progress
    - pull work
    - eliminate waste  (Look at the example in explanation section below)
    - reduce setup times
    - automate what should be automated


Explanation (for the points above)

#Improve the whole system
In a lean environment, you want to set up processes so that the value that you are creating flows from start to 
finish.
One of the main reasons to do this besides faster delivery to the customer, is so you can immediately see and 
fix problems in your workflow.
This leads to continuous improvement.

"Just-in-time means that, in a flow process, the right parts needed in assembly reached the assembly line
at the time that they are needed and only in the amount needed."
- Taiichi Ohno

It's important to improve the whole system in addition to each part.
He said, "Efficiency must be improved at each step and, at the same time, for the plant as a whole."


#Map the value stream
Value stream mapping is a tool used for continuous improvement.
You draw diagram with the steps involved in the process that you want to improve.
These often are the steps in bringing a product to the customer.
This is called the current state.
You then identify the desired future state.
This is done by finding ways to increase value and reduce waste in the process.
This often includes finding better ways to do things,  the organization's vision, and overall
direction help to identify the desired future state.

You then iterate towards the future state. You may never fully reach it,  but iterating towards it is a way to 
continuously improve.
You can see that this is a learning loop that is similar to the scientific method.
It is also similar to the Agile approach of building the product incrementally.

This simple exercise can be very good for planning and getting the team working in the same direction.


#Limit work in progress
Earlier, we have discussed work in progress limits and described how limiting the amount of
current work can increase the flow of value and increase overall productivity.

"Reducing the number of Kanban increases their sensitivity."
- Taiichi Ohno

In other words, if you limit the amount of work in progress,
you are getting constant feedback and you tend to see problems easier because they don't get lost in a sea 
of other work.

"People prefer working with large quantities.
It's easier than having to work hard and learn from producing small quantities."
In other words, some people like the comfort of not getting consistent
feedback because it's easier to just continue what you are doing. 


#Pull work
We have discussed the concept of pulling work from the previous step rather than having work pushed on you.
This allows you to limit inventory and manage the flow of value.

"The conventional way was to supply materials from an earlier process to a later process.
So, I tried thinking about the transfer of materials in the reverse direction."
-Taiichi Ohno


#Elimintate waste
One of the most important principles in Lean is to eliminate waste.

"The basis of the Toyota Production System is the absolute elimination of waste."
"All we are doing is looking at the timeline from the moment the customer gives us an order to the point 
when we collect the cash. And we are reducing that time by removing the non-value added wastes."
-Taiichi Ohno

NOTE: (Important)
"The vicious cycle of waste generating waste hides everywhere."
He gives some examples of waste generating waste.
For example, having too much inventory is a waste. It could cause the company to need a storage facility.
This requires a system to manage the inventory. It also requires methods to make sure that the inventory does 
not degrade before it's used.

IMPORTANT: (Relevant)
While this is a physical example, this concept of waste generating waste is true with other types of products.
For example, having too many features planned in detail is a waste because some features may never be built.

Here are some types of waste that Taiichi Ohno pointed out in his book.
These are examples from production at Toyota but with some minor changes,
they can apply broadly.

#Types of waste 
a. Overproduction or producing more than customers use,
b. Waiting to do or receive work, unnecessary transportation,
c. Waiting for the processing of information related to the product,
d. Holding unnecessary inventory 
e. Unnecessary movement of employees or product
f. Making defective products.


#Reduce setup time
One way to reduce waste is to reduce setup times.

"Our production slogan is small lot sizes and quick setups."
Reducing setup times is important in all types of work so that you can focus on doing the actual work.
Reducing setup times often adds flexibility that can change the way that the team works.

#Automate what should be automated
Another type of waste is not automating what should be automated.
Toyota makes sure to automate where it makes sense.
The same is true for any knowledge work tasks that can and should be automated.
Taiichi Ohno points this out by saying,
"With computers available, it's a waste to perform calculations by hand." 




