5. Build quality in
    - the process should identify problems
    - fix problems when they are discovered
    - identify and fix the root cause

A very important Lean principle is to build quality into the product as you are building it.
You don't want to start with poor quality and then have the mindset that the quality will improve over time.

"Produce quality products 100 percent of the time."
- Taiichi Ohno

It's important to start with a strong technical foundation of what you're doing and to never compromise on 
quality to save time.


EXPLANATION (of the points above)
#The process should identify problems
Related to building quality in is the principle that the process should identify problems.
You do not want problems to go unnoticed.
Normal and abnormal operations must be clear and countermeasures or solutions always taken to prevent 
recurrence.
This is one of the reasons for having the Kanban board at Toyota.

If there's a problem, it is displayed for all to see and take appropriate action.
We have also seen an example of the process identifying a problem by adding work in progress limits to the 
columns on the board.
When the team goes over the work in progress limit, the column turns red to signal the team that there is a 
problem and take appropriate action.



#Fix problems when they are discovered
It is important to fix problems when they are discovered.
You don't want to build a list of problems to fix.
This takes more time and discipline but the result is much better quality.

"Correct a mistake immediately, to rush and not to take time to correct a problem causes work loss later." 
- Taiichi Ohno

If you are familiar with the concept of test-driven software development, you will notice that this is the same 
principle. Any problems with the software are discovered and fixed as the software is being developed.



#Identify and fix the root cause
When problem solving, it's important to identify and fix the root cause of the problem.
Taiichi Ohno talks about Toyota's five-whys approach to problem solving.

NOTE: By asking why five times and answering it each time, we can get to the real cause of the problem,
which is often hidden behind more obvious solutions.

So, the idea is to continue asking questions until you find the root cause of the problem and then fix the 
problem there.
The number five is just a typical number of times the why question needs to be asked.
You want to keep asking why until you aren't talking about a symptom but rather the root cause of the problem.

Stopping early and fixing a symptom will usually mean that the root cause will create problems somewhere else.

Here is an example of asking why to find the root cause of a problem.
Let's assume that our problem is that our product was delivered late.

i) The first question that we could ask is,
why was the product delivered late?
The answer could be because we had too much to do at the end of the project.
This is not a root cause of the problem because there could be many reasons why we had too much to do 
at the end of the project.

ii) The next question could be,
why did we have too much to do at the end of the project?
The answer could be because we started by researching and planning the entire project,
and many of the plans changed after development started.
This is getting closer to the root cause of the problem.
It is identifying waste. If you make detailed plans that end up changing and research topics that don't end up 
being part of the product, this is a form of waste.

Sometimes things take longer because each task is unique and we were optimistic in our prediction.
Other times like this, sources of waste can be identified and the process can be improved.

iii)The next question could be,
why didn't we plan and build incrementally?
The answer could be that we probably should have.
We have identified the root cause of the project delay.

---> So, the solution in this case is to research, plan, build, and deliver incrementally.

An incremental approach to developing the product would not only have reduced waste,
but also would allow us to be flexible with the scope of the project and still deliver on time.



REVIEW of Lean Principles:
That is an overview of some of the Lean principles.
Taken together, they provide a way of working that is very effective in many contexts.
If you look at the individual principles, you can see that they are timeless.
The word Lean is currently used to describe them but that word is not important and may not be universally used.
We will see that Agile principles are very similar to Lean principles.


