--> Scrum is a framework for developing, delivering and sustaining complex products.
It is a relatively simple framework for dealing with complex unpredictable projects.
By framework, we mean that Scrum contains basic structures and ideas for completing a project. 

NOTE: We can think of agile as a mindset and the methods and frameworks such as Kanban Scrum and XP as 
ways of achieving agility. 

NOTE: A key component of Scrum and Agile in general is continuous learning.


#Increment: An increment is a useable product that may be given to the customer.


#Iterations in Scrum:
The product is worked on an iteration at a time.

1. After the first iteration, we have some of the features of the product.
Even though the product only has a few features, it can be considered usable with respect to those features.
That product should have value and potentially can be given to the customer.
After the first iteration, notice that our vision has slightly changed.
This is because we have learned from implementing the first product features and adapted our vision accordingly.

2. After our second iteration, the product contains the work of the first iteration as well as the work of the second 
iteration.
It now has more features that the customer will value.

Because of continuous feedback,
we may have improved some of the features from the first iteration.
Notice that our vision has again been adapted.

3. After the third iteration, our product is closer to our vision but our vision has again changed slightly.


You can see that we are building the project incrementally, because we are building it piece by piece.
We're building it iteratively because the product gets improved as we are learning along the way.

NOTE: That is why Scrum is both an incremental and iterative approach to building projects.

This process of building and improving parts of the product continues indefinitely allowing the product to 
stay relevant in a changing marketplace.

If the product that is being built has a physical aspect such as a rocket,
the result of an iteration may be a prototype rather than a part of a completed product.

At the end of every iteration, a product called an increment is ready.
Here we see that three iteration's have created three increments of the product.


An increment is a useable product that may be given to the customer.
The organization always has the option to release the increment.
Each increment must meet the organization's agreed upon, "definition of done."
This includes quality and security standards as well as other organizational requirements such as requiring 
documentation for each feature.

Each increment contains the work of the current iteration as well as the work of all prior iterations.
In other words, an increment is the complete state of the product after an iteration. 



#Sprints
In Scrum, iterations are called sprints.
A sprint is a time boxed period used to work on an increment.
The time period of a sprint is fixed.
In general you do not shorten or lengthen the duration of the current sprint.
Sprints usually have a duration of one to four weeks, with two week sprints being typical.



