Artifacts:
Artifacts are tools that allow for transparency of the project.
They allow anyone with access to them to see the current state of the project.

Anyone with proper access can use the artifacts to see the current state of the project including the project's 
history and future plans.
This enables the team to have a shared understanding of the project so that everybody is on the same page.
The scrum artifacts are used to enable inspection and adaptation both inside and outside of scrum meetings. 

Some of the important artifacts of the scrum framework are: 
1. The product backlog
2. The sprint backlog 
3. The sprint goal
4. The sprint board 
5. Sprint reports. 


1. Product Backlog (contains issues/stories/items)
A product backlog is an ordered ever-changing to-do list for the project.
It contains issues that are not yet part of any sprint.

The Scrum Guide refers to issues as items.
You might also hear them referred to as stories.

NOTE: Constant feedback means that the product backlog is always changing

Issues near the top of the backlog are the closest to being worked on, so they usually have more details than 
the lower items.

#Backlog refinement/grooming:

Modifying the product backlog is called product backlog refinement.
You might also hear this referred to as backlog grooming.

NOTE: According to the Scrum Guide, each scrum team decides how to do product refinement.
But it should consume no more than 10 percent of the development team's time. 



2. Sprint Backlog
Jira invites you to drag issues from your product backlog into the sprint.
We can drag the issues from the product backlog to the sprint.

> The list of issues to be completed during the sprint is called the sprint backlog.
The sprint backlog includes a plan on how to accomplish the work of the issues.

>In Jira, this means that before starting the actual sprint, more details are added to the issues in the sprint 
backlog.
Those details describe how the work on the issues will be done. 


#Story points
As part of planning for sprints, it is common to estimate how much work an issue will take.
Story points are the most common estimation statistic.

In Jira, you can use story points, hours, issue count or create your own estimation statistic.
Story points are a relative measure of the amount of work required to complete an issue.

NOTE: For example, an issue that is assigned two story points is assumed to
take about twice as long to complete as an issue that is assigned one story point. 



When you want to start a sprint, you click the "Start Sprint" button associated with the sprint.
You can modify the sprint name, specify the sprints duration, and specify the start date for the sprint.
You could also set up multiple sprints at one time.


3. Sprint Goal
The start sprint window also contains a place to enter what is called the sprint goal.
The sprint goal represents the objective of the sprint's increment.
The sprint goal is reached by completing the issues in the sprint backlog.
A scrum rule is that the sprint goal does not change during the sprint.
The sprint is considered a success if the sprint goal is reached. 

#Reasons to have sprint goal:
1. Provides coherence to the product increment
>This means that the features are related so that the product increment is valuable rather than building 
  a collection of unrelated features. 

2. Enables flexibility with the sprint backlog. 


The sprint goal remains fixed during the sprint but the issues that achieve the sprint goal can be modified as 
long as quality is not decreased.
This means that there's flexibility in the makeup of the sprint backlog as the sprint is worked on.
The sprint goal provides guidance for decisions as the team makes adjustments. 



4. Sprint Board
The sprint board only contains the issues in the sprint backlog.
Issues in the product backlog or issues that are assigned to other sprints are not shown on the sprint board.
Even in sprint projects, boards are often called Kanban boards.
So, don't be confused if you hear that term related to a sprint. 


5. Sprint Reports
Important ones:
1. The burndown chart
2. Sprint report
3. Velocity chart 