#Stakeholders
Stakeholders are not members of the scrum team, but are interested in the success of the project.

Internal - company managers, executives and other scrum teams
External - customers, partners, investors

Internal, meaning, inside the organization
External, meaning, external to the oranization

#Scrum Team:
The scrum team is made up of cross functional team members allowing it to complete stories within the team.
It is flexible and adaptable with members willing to help out where needed and continuously learning new things.
The team is responsible for deciding how to organize and do it's work.

Key points (Features of a scrum team):
 - made up of 3 roles mentioned above
 - cross functional
 - flexible/adaptable
 - self-organizing

A Scrum team is made up of 3 roles.
1. Product owner
2. Scrum Master
3. Development Team


1. Product Owner 
Product owner is the member of the scrum team responsible for communicating the product vision.
The stakeholders and the scrum team need to have an understanding of the product vision in order
to work effectively.
The product owner is also responsible for maximizing the value of each increment.

IMP NOTE:
The product owner is responsible for the product backlog.
Others may help with the product backlog, but the product owner is responsible for it. 

Key points:
The product owner is responsible for:
 - communicating the product vision
 - maximizing the value of each increment
 - the prodcut backlog


2. Scrum Master
The scrum master is the member of the scrum team who is primarily responsible for promoting and supporting 
scrum, for scrum team members as well as stakeholders.
It is up to the scrum master to ensure that everyone understands how and why things are done a certain way.
The scrum master is also responsible for the day-to-day effectiveness of the scrum team.
This includes ensuring that the team is reaching its goals and continuously improving.

The scrum master is responsible for protecting the focus of the team.
This may mean helping to remove bottlenecks or ensuring that those outside are interacting with the team in 
helpful ways.
In general, scrum masters do what they need to do to allow team members to focus on their work. 

The scrum master is also responsible for increasing the transparency of the project.
There should be no surprises about the current status of the project. 

#Key points (Responsiblities of scrum master)
 - promoting and supporting scrum
 - improving the day to day effectiveness of the team
 - protecting the focus of the team
 - increasing the transparency of the project

#Typical tasks of the Scrum master:
 - coaching the scrum team and stakeholders on scrum and agile
 - helping to remove blocking issues
 - facilitating scrum events 
 - configuring scrum artifacts
 - monitoring sprint progress.

#Scrum Master vs Product Owner
The product owner is responsible for the value of the product.
The scrum master is primarily responsible for the effectiveness of the team. 

Why separate roles?
 - divide and conquer approach
 - checks and balances		

Combining the roles could put too much weight on one of the responsibilities.
The separate roles lead to greater team success and sustainability. 