What is a Kanban?
Kanban - an object that controls the flow of work
Like some kind of symbol or sth.
(could also be a piece of paper with info on it)
(work to do)

My own naive example:
(Like an empty sack can symbolize that we need to import more potatoes) 

#Key points:
The idea came to Toyota from supermarkets:
instead of push, order when inventory is low (pull)
this matches the supply and demand
an empty box is a "kanban" - a signal to order more


#More broad explanation (Worth the read)
Kanban is a Japanese word used at Toyota to generically describe an object(such as req resource item) that controls the 
flow of work.
The actual object can vary depending on the situation, but it usually holds some information related to the work.
By naming this type of object a kanban, Toyota basically was adding a new definition to the word.
The idea came to Toyota from the way that supermarkets manage their inventory.

NOTE: (Imp Example)
In supermarkets, for some products instead of forecasting and having a product delivered at regular intervals, which is a 
push system, more product is only ordered when the current inventory reaches a reorder point.
This is a pull system. 

This matches the supply and demand.
For example, the supermarket doesn't need to guess how many cans of tomatoes to
order or risk having too little or too much inventory.
They can wait for one of the boxes to empty, then order another box. 

In this example, an empty box is acting as a kanban. It signals employees to order more product. 



#Examples of Kanban:
Even though the word kanban is used to represent work to do at Toyota,
the concept has been around for a very long time.

1. A guest check at a restaurant is a kanban.
The work preparing an order does not start until the guest check is filled out.
If no guests comes in, no orders are prepared.
The information related to the order is on the guest check.

2. An empty coffee cup when ordering coffee can also serve as a kanban.
The size of the cup, your name, and the desired ingredients provide
the information that is needed to start and fill your order.

3. Another example of a kanban is a Jira issue.
It provides information related to the work of the issue,
without the Jira issue in the correct column the work shouldn't be started.
You can see that all of these kanbans represent and hold information related to work to be done. 
