A kanban system is a system that controls the flow of work using kanbans.
(Here kanban doesn't mean the agile kanban framework)
(But rather the literal kanban objects (symbols/signals we talked about), also referred to as kanban tokens)

Taichi Ohno said that the Toyota production system is the production method,and the kanban system is the 
way that it is managed.
He is pointing out that the kanbans (symbolic objects) are part of a kanban system. 


Similarly, every restaurant uses guest check kanbans in slightly different ways, depending on the kanban system.
Also agile projects that use issues as kanbans use them in unique ways. 

#Benefits of Kanban Systems:
 - visualizes work
 - simple
 - reliable
 - efficient
 - eliminate waste
 - easy to identify bottlenecks and easy to improve


#Explanation to why the above benefits exist:

1. visualizes work  (allowing team members to see very clearly what work needs to be done. )
2. simple (Look below for why simple)
3. reliable  (because of the visual aspect, and the simplicity of the system)
4. efficient  (uses resources only to do work that is of value to the customer)
5. eliminates waste  (instead of holding and managing inventory, the supply is matched to the demand)
6. easy to identify bottlenecks and easy to improve 
(because the simplicity and just-in-time nature of the system makes it easy to see where problems occur)


#Why kanban is considered simple:
Forecasting demand and managing inventories is usually a much more complicated approach to managing 
the work than using kanbans. 



#Different meaning of the word "Kanban" on different contexts

1. Kanban tokens 
The literal kanban objects (symbols/signals remember?)
Kanban may refer to an object that controls the flow of work.
We have seen that restaurant guest checks and jira issues can be considered kanbans.
We could call these kanban tokens to help clarify the meaning. 

2. Kanban systems
Kanban may also refer to the system that controls the flow of working using kanbans.
We have see that Toyota has a system for how it uses kanbans just as restaurants
have a system for how they use gas checks and how a team uses jira issues.
We could call this a kanban system to help clarify the meaning. 

3. Kanban framework (Agile framework like Scrum remember?)
We have also seen that there is a lightweight agile method called kanban. 



NOTE:
It takes its name from the kanban system at Toyota but applies it to agile projects.
This is a bit confusing because kanban tokens, kanban systems and even things
like kanban boards are used in most agile methods, not only in the kanban method. 