Taiichi Ohno, considered to be the father of the Toyota Production system, wrote a book about the thinking 
behind the system in 1978.

In the book, he describes what is now sometimes called the Lean thinking or Lean management.
We will see that this book contains many of the principles that are used in agile projects.

NOTE: This section is not very important. It's just some historical facts about the origins of Kanban and lean 
principles.
Just look at the NOTE sections



#Toyota Simplified History:
After World War II, Toyota had a goal to catch up with America in three years in the automobile industry.
Japan's automobile industry was very small at the time compared to American companies like Ford and General 
Motors.

The main focus of the Toyota production system was to eliminate waste and increase productivity.
Taiichi Ohno had heard that American workers were something like nine times more productive than Japanese 
workers and decided that there must be a lot of wasted effort.
The result was a decades long focus on eliminating waste and continuously improving.
This eventually resulted in Toyota becoming the largest automobile company in the world. 

Whether or not the productivity numbers were true that's what Toyota believed and
helps explain their focus on eliminating waste.

NOTE: Toyota studied and embraced many of the production ideas from Ford but used a more agile 
approach to producing cars.

After World War II, resources were very scarce in Japan. And Toyota simply couldn't afford to hold a lot of 
inventory as was done in traditional mass production.

NOTE: Out of need, Toyota developed a leaner, more flexible approach to mass producing cars.
We will see that this lean approach uses many of the same principles that are used
today in agile projects.

In his book, Taiichi Ohno emphasized the need for the team to have a clear purpose.
NOTE: He said I would like to emphasize that the Toyota production systems was realized because there were 
always clear purposes and needs.

NOTE: Lean principles of the Toyota production system can be applied in many contexts.
They do not apply only to lean manufacturing or production.
In fact, Taiichi Ohno wrote about this in the preface to the English edition of the book, which came out in 1988.
He said the Toyota production system is not just a production system.
I am confident it will reveal its strength as a management system adapted to today's era of global markets 
and high level computerized information systems.
Our discussion in this course focuses on lean principles that apply broadly. 